[790, 812]    SUBJECTIVE:,  This 23-year-old white female presents with complaint of allergies.  She used to have allergies when she lived in Seattle but she thinks they are worse here.  In the past, she has tried Claritin, and Zyrtec.  Both worked for short time but then seemed to lose effectiveness.  She has used Allegra also.  She used that last summer and she began using it again two weeks ago.  It does not appear to be working very well.  She has used over-the-counter sprays but no prescription nasal sprays.  She does have asthma but doest not require daily medication for this and does not think it is flaring up.,MEDICATIONS: , Her only medication currently is Ortho Tri-Cyclen and the Allegra.,ALLERGIES: , She has no known medicine allergies.,OBJECTIVE:,Vitals:  Weight was 130 pounds and blood pressure 124/78.,HEENT:  Her throat was mildly erythematous without exudate.  Nasal mucosa was erythematous and swollen.  Only clear drainage was seen.  TMs were clear.,Neck:  Supple without adenopathy.,Lungs:  Clear.,ASSESSMENT:,  Allergic rhinitis.,PLAN:,1.  She will try Zyrtec instead of Allegra again.  Another option will be to use loratadine.  She does not think she has prescription coverage so that might be cheaper.,2.  Samples of Nasonex two sprays in each nostril given for three weeks.  A prescription was written as well.
[965, 998]    SUBJECTIVE:,  This 23-year-old white female presents with complaint of allergies.  She used to have allergies when she lived in Seattle but she thinks they are worse here.  In the past, she has tried Claritin, and Zyrtec.  Both worked for short time but then seemed to lose effectiveness.  She has used Allegra also.  She used that last summer and she began using it again two weeks ago.  It does not appear to be working very well.  She has used over-the-counter sprays but no prescription nasal sprays.  She does have asthma but doest not require daily medication for this and does not think it is flaring up.,MEDICATIONS: , Her only medication currently is Ortho Tri-Cyclen and the Allegra.,ALLERGIES: , She has no known medicine allergies.,OBJECTIVE:,Vitals:  Weight was 130 pounds and blood pressure 124/78.,HEENT:  Her throat was mildly erythematous without exudate.  Nasal mucosa was erythematous and swollen.  Only clear drainage was seen.  TMs were clear.,Neck:  Supple without adenopathy.,Lungs:  Clear.,ASSESSMENT:,  Allergic rhinitis.,PLAN:,1.  She will try Zyrtec instead of Allegra again.  Another option will be to use loratadine.  She does not think she has prescription coverage so that might be cheaper.,2.  Samples of Nasonex two sprays in each nostril given for three weeks.  A prescription was written as well.
[999, 1013]    SUBJECTIVE:,  This 23-year-old white female presents with complaint of allergies.  She used to have allergies when she lived in Seattle but she thinks they are worse here.  In the past, she has tried Claritin, and Zyrtec.  Both worked for short time but then seemed to lose effectiveness.  She has used Allegra also.  She used that last summer and she began using it again two weeks ago.  It does not appear to be working very well.  She has used over-the-counter sprays but no prescription nasal sprays.  She does have asthma but doest not require daily medication for this and does not think it is flaring up.,MEDICATIONS: , Her only medication currently is Ortho Tri-Cyclen and the Allegra.,ALLERGIES: , She has no known medicine allergies.,OBJECTIVE:,Vitals:  Weight was 130 pounds and blood pressure 124/78.,HEENT:  Her throat was mildly erythematous without exudate.  Nasal mucosa was erythematous and swollen.  Only clear drainage was seen.  TMs were clear.,Neck:  Supple without adenopathy.,Lungs:  Clear.,ASSESSMENT:,  Allergic rhinitis.,PLAN:,1.  She will try Zyrtec instead of Allegra again.  Another option will be to use loratadine.  She does not think she has prescription coverage so that might be cheaper.,2.  Samples of Nasonex two sprays in each nostril given for three weeks.  A prescription was written as well.
[126, 200]    2-D M-MODE: , ,1.  Left atrial enlargement with left atrial diameter of 4.7 cm.,2.  Normal size right and left ventricle.,3.  Normal LV systolic function with left ventricular ejection fraction of 51%.,4.  Normal LV diastolic function.,5.  No pericardial effusion.,6.  Normal morphology of aortic valve, mitral valve, tricuspid valve, and pulmonary valve.,7.  PA systolic pressure is 36 mmHg.,DOPPLER: , ,1.  Mild mitral and tricuspid regurgitation.,2.  Trace aortic and pulmonary regurgitation.
[1025, 1032]    CC:, Confusion and slurred speech.,HX , (primarily obtained from boyfriend): This 31 y/o RHF experienced a "flu-like illness 6-8 weeks prior to presentation. 3-4 weeks prior to presentation, she was found "passed out" in bed, and when awoken appeared confused, and lethargic. She apparently recovered within 24 hours. For two weeks prior to presentation she demonstrated emotional lability, uncharacteristic of her ( outbursts of anger and inappropriate laughter). She left a stove on.,She began slurring her speech 2 days prior to admission. On the day of presentation she developed right facial weakness and began stumbling to the right. She denied any associated headache, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, neck stiffness or visual change. There was no history of illicit drug/ETOH use or head trauma.,PMH:, Migraine Headache.,FHX: , Unremarkable.,SHX: ,Divorced. Lives with boyfriend. 3 children alive and well. Denied tobacco/illicit drug use. Rarely consumes ETOH.,ROS:, Irregular menses.,EXAM: ,BP118/66.  HR83. RR 20. T36.8C.,MS: Alert and oriented to name only. Perseverative thought processes. Utilized only one or two word answers/phrases. Non-fluent. Rarely followed commands. Impaired writing of name.,CN: Flattened right nasolabial fold only.,Motor: Mild weakness in RUE manifested by pronator drift. Other extremities were full strength.,Sensory: withdrew to noxious stimulation in all 4 extremities.,Coordination: difficult to assess.,Station: Right pronator drift.,Gait: unremarkable.,Reflexes: 2/2BUE, 3/3BLE, Plantars were flexor bilaterally.,General Exam: unremarkable.,INITIAL STUDIES:, CBC, GS, UA, PT, PTT, ESR, CRP, EKG were all unremarkable. Outside HCT showed hypodensities in the right putamen, left caudate, and at several subcortical locations (not specified).,COURSE: ,MRI Brian Scan, 2/11/92 revealed an old lacunar infarct in the right basal ganglia, edema within the head of the left caudate nucleus suggesting an acute ischemic event, and arterial enhancement of the left MCA distribution suggesting slow flow. The latter suggested a vasculopathy such as Moya Moya, or fibromuscular dysplasia. HIV, ANA, Anti-cardiolipin Antibody titer, Cardiac enzymes, TFTs, B12, and cholesterol studies were unremarkable.,She underwent a cerebral angiogram on 2/12/92. This revealed an occlusion of the left MCA just distal to its origin. The distal distribution of the left MCA filled on later films through collaterals from the left ACA. There was also an occlusion of the right MCA just distal to the temporal branch. Distal branches of the right MCA filled through collaterals from the right ACA. No other vascular abnormalities were noted. These findings were felt to be atypical but nevertheless suspicious of a large caliber vasculitis such as Moya Moya disease. She was subsequently given this diagnosis. Neuropsychologic testing revealed widespread cognitive dysfunction with particular impairment of language function. She had long latencies responding and understood only simple questions. Affect was blunted and there was distinct lack of concern regarding her condition. She was subsequently discharged home on no medications.,In 9/92 she was admitted for sudden onset right hemiparesis and mental status change. Exam revealed the hemiparesis and in addition she was found to have significant neck lymphadenopathy. OB/GYN exam including cervical biopsy, and abdominal/pelvic CT scanning revealed stage IV squamous cell cancer of the cervix. She died 9/24/92 of cervical cancer.
[1213, 1244]    1.  The left ventricular cavity size and wall thickness appear normal.  The wall motion and left ventricular systolic function appears hyperdynamic with estimated ejection fraction of 70% to 75%.  There is near-cavity obliteration seen.  There also appears to be increased left ventricular outflow tract gradient at the mid cavity level consistent with hyperdynamic left ventricular systolic function.  There is abnormal left ventricular relaxation pattern seen as well as elevated left atrial pressures seen by Doppler examination.,2.  The left atrium appears mildly dilated.,3.  The right atrium and right ventricle appear normal.,4.  The aortic root appears normal.,5.  The aortic valve appears calcified with mild aortic valve stenosis, calculated aortic valve area is 1.3 cm square with a maximum instantaneous gradient of 34 and a mean gradient of 19 mm.,6.  There is mitral annular calcification extending to leaflets and supportive structures with thickening of mitral valve leaflets with mild mitral regurgitation.,7.  The tricuspid valve appears normal with trace tricuspid regurgitation with moderate pulmonary artery hypertension.  Estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure is 49 mmHg.  Estimated right atrial pressure of 10 mmHg.,8.  The pulmonary valve appears normal with trace pulmonary insufficiency.,9.  There is no pericardial effusion or intracardiac mass seen.,10.  There is a color Doppler suggestive of a patent foramen ovale with lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum.,11.  The study was somewhat technically limited and hence subtle abnormalities could be missed from the study.,
